this is the sixth step or the seventh
video in my video series on how to solve
the Rubik's Cube 3x3 in this step you
will be moving the corners around the
cube in order to put them in their
correct spot as you can see by my
example cube I have the first two layers
corrected the top cross and the edges
match and now the corners are in their
correct spot they just don't happen to
be turned properly yellow blue and
orange sorry about that
yellow blue and orange so this piece
isn't its correct spot it just needs to
be turned same with this one this one
and this one so I will be teaching you
one algorithm that is eight steps and
easy to remember if you use patterns so
what you want to do is now that you have
just finished aligning your edge pieces
so that the yellow is on top and they
match on the sides you want to look for
a piece a corner piece that's in its
correct spot you will usually have one
but in this case I have none so it
doesn't matter how I hold it if you have
one that's already in this correct spot
you'll hold it in the top-left here and
now you perform the following algorithm
which will switch these three corner
pieces keeping everything else the same
our prime u L u prime R u L prime u
prime so now since that switched these
three if I look around my cube this
piece is now in its correct spot however
it is turned correctly which doesn't
matter at this point in time so since I
have one that's in its correct spot I
turn the whole cube so it's in the back
left and now I perform that algorithm
one more time R prime u L u prime R mu L
prime u Prime
now chances are that this will solve
your cube but sometimes it won't and
you'll just need to perform the
algorithm
one more time so in this case it solved
it completely this corners in this
correct spot does not turned properly
this one is in its correct spot and
turns properly this one is in its
correct spot but not turned properly and
this one is in its correct spot button
and turned properly so when you perform
this algorithm it'll switch these three
and leave the back left one the same so
if you already have one back here if you
already have one solved be sure to put
it back here so you don't move it out of
its correct spot so please click the
link in the annotation below or to your
right in the sidebar or in my movie
description and it will take you to the
last video in solving the cube which is
just turning the corners so now your
cube is solved